Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#402)
codimd/react-client: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to contribute to HedgeDoc react-client

#### Do you have questions about the project?

> * Ask any question about HedgeDoc in our [Matrix Support Channel][matrix-support] or our [Discourse][discourse].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: what's the problem here? I don't understand.

Author: If you're looking for the actual https-links they are in the last few lines of the file…

Reviewer: You can delete this bullet point. The second one is better.

* Feel free to join our [Matrix Support Channel][matrix-support] or post your question on our [Discourse][discourse].

#### Did you find a bug?

> * **Ensure the bug was not already reported** by searching on GitHub under [Issues][issues].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Ensure the bug wasn't already reported** by searching on GitHub under [Issues][issues].
```

* If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, [open a new one][new_issue]. Be sure to use one of the templates we provide if your request applies to them. If not, use the 'Question / Other' template.

#### Did you write a patch that fixes a bug?

* Open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.

* Ensure the PR description is precise about the problem and your solution. Just fill out our template. That should cover the most important information.

#### Do you intend to add a new feature or change an existing one?

* Suggest your idea in the [HedgeDoc Dev Channel][matrix-dev] and start writing code. Our maintainers and other project developers can provide useful details about the architecture and show you relevant issues and discussions.

HedgeDoc is a volunteer effort. We encourage you to pitch in and to help us making this project even better.

Thanks! :heart: :heart: :heart:

[issues]: https://github.com/codimd/react-client/issues
[new_issue]: https://github.com/codimd/react-client/issues/new/choose

> [matrix-support]: https://app.element.io/#/room/#codimd:matrix.org

Reviewer 2: The main address of the room has changed too.

```suggestion
[matrix-support]: https://app.element.io/#/room/#hedgedoc:matrix.org
```

## How to contribute to HedgeDoc react-client

Thanks for your interest in contributing. Here are some common scenarios for what you may want to contribute to.

#### Do you have questions about the project?

> * Feel free to join our [Matrix Support Channel][matrix-support] or post your question on our [Discourse][discourse].

Reviewer 3: I would recommend to put discourse first as answers there will allow to be found by search engines making everyone's life easier.

Author: done
